---title: "Just War (Part 2)"---	<br />  <a name="2021-06-30"></a><b>Session started at 2021-06-30 / 20:05</b>	  <br /><font color="##000000">Ruleset [Modiphius2d20] loaded.</font><br /><font color="##880000">Core RPG ruleset (v2021-06-29) for Fantasy GroundsCopyright 2021 Smiteworks USA, LLC</font><br /><font color="##880000">Fen's StarTrekAdventures Extension (v0.2) </font><br />**Skig:** Acting Captain's Log, Supplemental - While entering orbit around the planet to assist with the resolution of a long running conflict, the ship was enmeshed in a warp dampening field that caused our warp field to dissipate. While negotiations were ongoing we attempted to move the ship to higher orbit and that triggered what I speculate was a defensive response. This resulted in the disappearance of 170 crew members, including the Captain and XO, and caused energy feedback issues throughout the ship. We descended to the original orbit and systems returned to normal. The missing crew are still unaccounted for, but we have reason to believe the warp dampening field is emanating from a heavily contested area known as the Rolvak Valley. While we pursue additional research on the area, I have asked Counselor Murry to speak with the delegates from both sides and tasked Security Chief Zox to assist her in gathering any useful information the diplomats may have about the current situation. I also need to get a sense of where the crew is from a morale standpoint. We are down over 1/3 of our complement and everyone needs to stay focused and alert lest we face attack from whatever is generating the warp field or some hostile force that finds us in this state. If need be I can have Zox run a few disaster simulations on the crew to keep them focused. The ship and I have survived far worse at the Battle of Betazed, but most of this crew is young and I worry about their ability to remain focused on duty in the face of adversity.<br />>INTERIOR - Briefing Room: Skig, 11 and 10 were able to isolate a warp field signature to a ruin in the Rolvak valley. Skig reconvened with Murry and Zox to discuss their next steps<br />**Zox:** An away team is assembled for your protection.<br />**Hailey Murry:** Hmmm, would that by chance be a geothermal power station? <br />**Skig:** The remains of one, possibly.<br />**Lt. Cmdrs 11 and 10:** It was impossible to determine the structure's original purpose, so little was left<br />**Lt. Cmdrs 11 and 10:** The settlement there now is primitive, whatever its original purpose they do not seem to be using it that way at this time<br />**Lt. Malat:** Whatever it used to be, it is clearly a threat to the ship<br />**Hailey Murry:** Then we need to head down there and see what they're doing<br />**Lt. Malat:** A full spread of photon torpedoes will stop whatever it is doing<br />**Zox:** I think your direct approach is best Lt., but we cannot rule out our missing crew is down there. <br />**Skig:** I agree Lt. Malat; however, that is the second option.  The first option is to investigate more closely, determine the cause, see if there is useful technology to discover, and also whether our missing shipmates are being held there.<br />**Lt. Cmdrs 11 and 10:** We concur, agression at this time would be premature<br />**Hailey Murry:** Plus, I think pummeling a geothermal power generator with torpedoes runs the risk of setting off every volcano in the region <br />**Hailey Murry:** This is bad for diplomacy<br />**Dr. Zerra:** Not to mention the loss of life, the Rutareans have a substantial presence in the area<br />**Hailey Murry:** On the other hand, I suppose it would give the nations reason to bond<br />**Skig:** In fact, I was going to ask Malat and Zox to determine the best spread and distribution of weapons to surgically eliminate the threat if needed.  However, I stress the words "if needed" very heavily here.<br />**Zox: [ CONTROL  (11) +  SECURITY  (4)][Focus: Espionage ][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 31]**<br />*Zox Zox hands off a plan of surgical retalition in case of a total loss of the away team.*<br />>INTERIOR - Transporter room: The away team assembles, preparing for their trip to the surface<br />**Zox: [ REASON  (7) +  CONN  (2)][Successes: 0] [Complications: 0]Failed on DC: 1 [2d20 = 23]**<br />*Kolea reporting for duty.*<br />**Kolea:** reporting for duty.<br />>A group of Rutareans see the transporter beam and come over to investigate<br />*Zox clutches a type-2 phaser and awaits beaming down.*<br />**Oakadan:** I'm ready to go when you are, Chief Tactical Officer<br />**Zox:** May we find our crew and some answers down there!<br />**Lorov:** What in the name of Almighty Azemala are you lot...<br />>EXTERIOR - Planet Surface: The away team beams down into a ruin <br />**Zox: [ INSIGHT  (8) +  SECURITY  (4)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 23]**<br />**Zox:** We are here as representatives of the Federation of Planets, inquiring as to the ongoing civil distrubance and warp anomalies on this planet.<br />**Zox:** Also potential volcanic anomalies. We come in peace.<br />>Crewman McAllister is also there<br />*Kolea looks to see if any of them need medical attention.*<br />**Lorov:** Uh huh...<br />**Lorov:** I don't know nothin' about any of that, but if you have any food or skins to trade....<br />**Lorov:** I don't know anything about any civil disturbances<br />**Kolea:** We do not, but I am curious about the history of this place if you are willing to share with strange travelers such as ourselves.<br />**Kolea: [ INSIGHT  (11) +  COMMAND  (2)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 10]**<br />**Lorov:** Aye, my people came to this valley... oh, 6 summers ago. The heards we hunt had scattered, and we followed them here<br />*Zox appears cold and indifferent, and begins looking at a tricorder.*<br />**Lorov:** This place seemed a good place to settle, lots of shelter and such<br />**Zox: [ REASON  (7) +  SCIENCE  (3)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 21]**<br />**Oakadan:** Is there a place nearby that's been causing more noise or appears to be occupied by other people? <br />**Lorov:** The only other people I've seen are you lot<br />*Oakadan strokes his beard and hums*<br />*Zox makes a loud trumpeting noise.*<br />**Zox:** I believe what we seek is north-west of here.<br />**Crewman McAllister:** Aye sir!<br />**Zox:** I wish you good luck on your hunt, warmblood.<br />*Crewman McAllister starts heading enthusiastically to the Northwest*<br /><font color="##005500">BayushiKazemi (Oakadan): I recommend the Youtube series "Your Dinosaurs are Wrong"</font><br />**Kolea:** Good sir, what is your name?<br />*Kolea addressing Lorov.*<br />**Lorov:** Lorov<br />**Zox: [ INSIGHT  (8) +  SCIENCE  (3)][Focus: Xenobiology ][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 18]**<br />**Kolea:** I am Kolea. Nice to meet you. Do you know what is in that direction?<br />*Kolea gestures in the direction McAllister and Zox seem to be enthusiastically moving.*<br />*Zox begins eating trees, with a glazed over herbivorous look replacing alertness.*<br />**Lorov:** Just more ruins, our settlement is south of here<br />**Kolea:** Thank you, what we are investigating may pose a danger to you, I would politely suggest you gather your people in case you need to evacuate the area quickly.  You have my sincere apologies for any inconveience this may cause.<br />**Oakadan:** How far south is your settlement? <br />**Lorov:** Not so far, perhaps an hour's walk<br />**Lorov:** Evacuate? What for?<br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): "I'm sorry for any inconvienence this may cause you, if it makes you feel any better, I can throw myself off the roof of the building in protest."</font><br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): Not joking, I was actually told that by a very cute looking sales clerk at a department store in Tokyo last year. She clearly was fed up with work.</font><br />**Oakadan:** We have reason to believe there used to be a geothermal power station nearby. Someone may have stumbled across it recently and activated something, though there's a very low chance of any real danger. It's probably better to be safe and be prepared, just in case. <br />*Zox No more big words with these natives. Look, here's what we came for. *<br />**Zox:** No more big words with these natives. Look, here's what we came for. <br />*Zox points to a stairwell*<br />**Oakadan:** Take care, Mister Lorov<br />**Lorov:** You best be careful if you aim to go down there, collapses can be mighty dangerous<br />*Kolea refrains from urge to pet Zox on the head and offer him a piece of wrapped lettuce while telling him, "Good boy".*<br />**Kolea:** Do you know anything of what is down these stairwells and tunnels?<br />*Kolea addressing Lorov.*<br />**Zox: [ FITNESS  (9) +  MEDICINE  (1)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 6]**<br />>Zox prepares a hypospray to protect the crew from the excess radiation<br />**Oakadan:** Nicely done, Chief Tactical Officer. I didn't realize you were so skilled at the medical procedures<br />*Crewman McAllister begins to descend the staircase, going first in case there is any danger*<br />>♫♫♫Spoooooky Music Sting♫♫♫<br />>---------CUT TO COMMERCIAL-------<br />*Kolea is trying not to notice what is going on after being frisked by the Chief Tactical Officer and her medical supplies being used without consulting her.*<br />>INTERIOR - Subteranean tunnels: Commander Zox has followed the ever-increasing warp radiation deeper and deeper through the ancient Rutarean facility until he stumbles upon a heavy sealed door<br />**Oakadan:** The scanner is going off the charts<br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): What type of seals are they? Do they accept fish?</font><br />*Zox seems willfully ignorant of other species' concerns about bodily particulars and ettiqutte.*<br />**Oakadan:** What do we have behind door number one? <br />**Zox:** I need Skig here. Who can Skig well?<br />**Crewman McAllister:** Should we knock?<br />**Oakadan: [ REASON  (11) +  ENGINEERING  (2)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 24]**<br />**Kolea:** It would be nice if number one was behind the door.<br />**Zox:** It would be delightful.<br />*Kolea looks at the door to see how it is held in place.  Is it locked?  Electronically or mechanically?  What is it made of? Are there control panels nearby?*<br />**Oakadan:** There's a control unit right here, in the wall. It appears to be unpowered, though<br />*Zox 's nostrils begin to steam.*<br />**Zox:** I will solve.<br />*Zox Rams the door.*<br />**Kolea:** Oakadan, would it be possible to use one of our tricoders or other pieces of equipment to activate the panel?<br />**Zox:  [Damage: 5] [Effects: 3] [6dChallenge = 5]**<br />>Zox hurls himself against the door, and discovers an ancient principle of Newtonian Physics<br />**Oakadan:** I think so, though it may drain the battery depending on how it's set up<br />**Oakadan:** Are you okay, Commander? <br />**Kolea:** It also might not last very long either.<br />**Zox:** I am a little shaken.<br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): Are we able to communicate with the ship, or is there too much interference?</font><br />**Oakadan: [ REASON  (11) +  ENGINEERING  (2)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 31]**<br />**Zox:** Your plan may be much better. It was foolish of me to assume this door was constructed by primitives.<br />**Crewman McAllister:** Sir, surely a phaser on a high setting would work better...<br />**Oakadan:** If this doesn't work, we may want to try just that<br />**Kolea:** Yes, Phasers have considerable power banks and might work better for restoring power to the panel.<br />>Oakadan reconfigures his tricorder to transfer power to the door control unit. The lights ringing the door illuminate, and it starts to creak open<br />**Kolea:** I'm just a simple Orion nurse and not skilled in these things.<br />**Zox:** But a release of so much energy in this warp field may prove disasterous<br />>♫♫♫Mysterious Music Sting♫♫♫<br />**Oakadan:** We're in!<br />>After the door has opened a few inches, the tricorder dies and the door suddenly stops moving<br />*Oakadan hits the tricorder a couple of times*<br />*Kolea refrains from cultural need to dance provactively whenever music starts playing.*<br />**Oakadan:** Hmmm, but that's about as in as we're going to get<br />**Kolea:** Perhaps we should ask the ship to beam down a small power supply so we can finish opening the door, assuming transporter beams are able to work in this radiated environment?<br />*Kolea peeks through the door, playing a game of "Eye Spy"*<br />>Kolea peeks through the door and sees a large circular room with a contraption in the middle. In the center of the room, there is an alien man (not Rutarean) in some sort of stasis device. Massive conduits run down through the ground and pulse with visible waves of energy.<br />**Kolea: [ INSIGHT  (11) +  COMMAND  (2)][Successes: 0] [Complications: 0]Failed on DC: 1 [2d20 = 38]**<br />**Zox:** I think I can finish this by hot-wiring the controls. Good Work Oakadan <br />**Kolea:** There is a guy in there in some sort of stasis thing. I am pretty sure we don't want to shoot him with a phaser.<br />**Zox: [ REASON  (7) +  ENGINEERING  (3)][Focus: Espionage ][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 24]**<br />*Kolea looks at Zox specifically.*<br />**Zox:** Hello Kolea, is there something amiss?<br />**Kolea:** I'm able to push the door open by rubbing my heavily pheromone laden physique against it.<br />**Zox:** Oh. Okay that sound like a plan. I am unimpressed by the mating rituals of your species, however.<br />**Kolea:** Although, I'm not sure that is relevant or any physical push would work.<br />*Oakadan peeks in *<br />*Kolea pushes the door open far enough to let everyone in.*<br />*Kolea Also tries to determine the species of the alien in the stasis container.*<br />*Zox takes mental notes about the undulation strength of Orions.*<br />**Kolea: [ INSIGHT  (11) +  COMMAND  (2)][Focus: Xeno-biology ][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 14]**<br />>As Kolea pushes the door open, the room is bathed in red light and an alarm klaxon blares<br />**Alarm:** IMPURE DNA DETECTED! ACTIVATING COUNTERMEASURES!<br />**Oakadan:** Impure? I beg your pardon<br />*Zox readies a phaser, striking a dramatic battle-action pose.*<br />>The door slams shut and the room begins flooding with gas<br />>♫♫♫Dramatic Music String♫♫♫<br />>---------CUT TO COMMERCIAL-------<br />*Kolea requests a brief discussion with her agent about whether she is required to wear a face mask in the next scene, as it might muss up her hair.*<br />*Crewman McAllister coughs violently*<br />**Crewman McAllister:** Sir, what do we do!<br />**Crewman McAllister:** I'm too young to die! I don't even have a first name yet!<br />**Zox:** Look for a control panel!<br />*Kolea gets out standard medical rebreather from her medical supply kit and puts it on.*<br />**Zox: Zox has used a point of Determination to add a natural one to the dice pool.**<br />**Zox: [ INSIGHT  (8) +  ENGINEERING  (3)][Successes: 3] [Complications: 0]Success with 2 momentum [2d20 = 20]**<br />>Zox sees a control room overlooking the central portion of the room and bounds over the railing. Inside, he finds the control panels fully powered.<br />**Zox: [ DARING  (11) +  ENGINEERING  (3)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 15]**<br />*Kolea looks through her medical supplies for chemical reaction inhibitors she can inject in the others to keep them from succumbing from the gas while Zox saves the day.*<br />**Zox: [ FITNESS  (9) +  COMMAND  (3)][Focus: Endurance ][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 23]**<br />**Oakadan: [ FITNESS  (9) +  MEDICINE  (3)][Successes: 3] [Complications: 0]Success with 2 momentum [2d20 = 11]**<br />**Kolea: [ FITNESS  (8) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Focus: Survival ][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 23]**<br />>Zox is able to access the security subsystem. As he works, the gas continues to pour into the room<br />**Kolea: [ REASON  (9) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Focus: First Aid ][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 26]**<br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): McAllister is double-checking if he signed his life insurance policy over, and wonders why it is required that Zox is listed as the primary beneficiary... </font><br />**Zox: [ INSIGHT  (8) +  SECURITY  (4)][Focus: Espionage ][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 19]**<br />**Oakadan: [ CONTROL  (10) +  ENGINEERING  (2)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [d20 = 3]**<br />**Kolea: [ CONTROL  (9) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 18]**<br />*Zox makes cryptic whistling noises while intently pushing buttons*<br />**Zox: [ FITNESS  (9) +  COMMAND  (3)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 15]**<br />**Kolea: [ FITNESS  (8) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 29]**<br />**Oakadan: [ FITNESS  (9) +  COMMAND  (2)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 0]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 23]**<br />>Oakadan runs into the control room with Zox and helps him decipher the alien control system, together they are able to identify the subsystem responsible for the gas flooding into the room. The security lockouts are still preventing them from shutting off the gas<br />**Kolea: [ CONTROL  (9) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Focus: First Aid ][Successes: 3] [Complications: 0]Success with 2 momentum [2d20 = 17]**<br />**Zox: [ DARING  (11) +  ENGINEERING  (3)][Focus: Espionage ][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 25]**<br />*Kolea gives everyone a stabilizer that will inhibit immediate incapacitation from the gas until it can be disabled by Zox and Oakadan.*<br />**Oakadan: [ CONTROL  (10) +  ENGINEERING  (2)][Successes: 0] [Complications: 0]Failed on DC: 1 [d20 = 17]**<br />*Zox lets out a high pitched squeel during stabilizer application*<br />>Zox is finally able to override the security system and shut off the gas. The alarm klaxon's die down and the lighting returns to normal. The gas is still lingering, but Kolea's injection should provide enough protection until it has flushed from the room<br />**Kolea:** Okay McAllister, I can either inject this into you, or I can wait for you to pass out and then inject you. You decide which one you feel like doing, but mostly I need you to stop running around waving your arms in the screaming, "I'm still a virgin" because I have no desire to fix that problem for you.<br />**Crewman McAllister:** Yes ma'am<br />*Crewman McAllister offers his arm for the injection*<br />*Kolea injects McAllister with the neurotoxin inhibitor.*<br />**Zox:** Oakadan, can you find a way to open some ventillation while we asses the situation?<br />**Kolea:** So, can you push the button so when we open the door a second time, we don't get flooded again?<br />**Zox:** Great work Kolea, we are all still alive.<br />**Oakadan:** Absolutely, give me just a moment here<br />**Kolea:** I mean that in the most respectful way possible, of course, sir.<br />**Zox:** Absolutely; Security is my bussiness.<br />**Oakadan:** McAllister, can I borrow your tricorder?<br />**Crewman McAllister:** Yes sir<br />*Crewman McAllister produces his tricorder for Oakadan *<br />**Oakadan: [ REASON  (11) +  ENGINEERING  (2)][Successes: 0] [Complications: 0]Failed on DC: 1 [2d20 = 30]**<br />**Zox:** Kolea, can you determine if that creature can be revived? <br />*Zox motions to the stasis chamber.*<br />**Zox:** It has much to answer for. <br />*Kolea performs a medical diagnosis (using observation, scanners, etc.) to determine the current state of existence of said creature in the stasis tube.*<br />**Crewman McAllister:** It doesn't look Rutarean<br />**Kolea: [ INSIGHT  (11) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Focus: Xeno-biology ][Successes: 3] [Complications: 0]Success with 2 momentum [2d20 = 12]**<br />**Oakadan:** I apologize, Commander, I'm afraid the ventilation system is currently down. We'll need to provide more power to more systems to get a proper flush <br />**Lt. Cmdrs 11 and 10 (Over comms):** Commander Kolea, we lost comms for a few minutes there. But we have that data you requested on Tau Alpha C<br />**Lt. Cmdrs 11 and 10:** The being known as the Traveller was encountered approximately 20 years ago. Starfleet records indicate that his species has some ability to directly control warp fields, although no data on how this is possible<br />**Kolea:** This creatures appears to be in a medically induced coma in its stasis chamber. From what I remember of the medical studies class I took with the super-nerdy Denobulan who liked to drool on me, Starfleet has encountered this species before on planet Tau Alpha C, it is definitely not native to this planet, but when encountered previously it demonstrated some sort of effect on warp fields.<br />**Zox:** Hrm. <br />**Kolea:** Yes. what the super smart Bynars just said agrees with me, so my memory is correct. Also, did you know that Denobulans have very long prehensile tongues?<br />**Zox:** Most authoritative; excellent work.<br />**Zox:** Better than this tongue?<br />*Kolea checks Zox tongue-work.*<br />*Zox unrolls a similar frog-esque tongue.*<br />**Zox:** Some find it....ribbiting.<br />**Kolea:** Hmm... we should have a comparison test later when there is not so much immediate danger.<br />**Oakadan:** So the question at hand: Is he causing the effects from stasis, or is there another here?<br />**Zox:** Can we bring the Traveller to med bay and perform a full examination?<br />**Crewman McAllister:** We would have to get him out of there first<br />**Zox:** ....and how would you propose doing that?<br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): Skig would want to correlate whether the destruction of the geothermal plant might have activated (perhaps subconsciously) the warp field effect from this entity, and more importantly, if it has been noted that this effect started after the geothermal plant was destroyed. Given the planetary society has regressed as a result of the war, they might not have noticed, so she would need some help from Murray and the diplomats on figuring out the feasibility of this timeline.</font><br />**Crewman McAllister:** Um...<br />*Crewman McAllister holds up a phaser*<br /><font color="##005500">indarien (Kolea): Or, short version - did the power plant getting blown up trigger a defense mechanism and we are the first people to discover this?</font><br />**Kolea:** I am relatively certain that is a bad idea, as it might kill the entity without following the proper protocols to bring him out of stasis. Medically I cannot condone this course of action.<br />**Crewman McAllister:** So what do you suggest then?<br />**Zox:** I defer to the medical expert of course.<br />*Kolea looks for panels, indicators, or performs a medical scan on how to safely move or rouse the Traveller without causing him injury.*<br />**Kolea: [ INSIGHT  (11) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 25]**<br />**Kolea:** Thank you sir.<br />**Oakadan:** We also must ask why he's in stasis to begin with<br />**Oakadan: [ REASON  (11) +  SECURITY  (1)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 16]**<br />**Zox:** Given the technology of this planet, and the sophisitication of that species, I'd find the idea of this being a prison unlikely. What do you think?<br />**Oakadan:** I suspect this was a military installation. The equipment is too orderly and neat, very uniform in the way it's put together<br />**Oakadan:** Let me see if I can pull any records out of the computers here<br />**Crewman McAllister:** That would explain the "instant death gas" security system<br />**Oakadan: [ REASON  (11) +  ENGINEERING  (2)][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 16]**<br />**Oakadan:** It was hardly instant death<br />*Oakadan talks while working on the computer, not making eye contact*<br />**Kolea:** I believe I can raise him from stasis, but I'm not entirely certain how well his system would react. I would prefer we perform some additional investigation, and if needed to rouse him, have emergency medical transport available in case the injection does not work as expected.<br />**Oakadan:** Death would have taken a couple of hours after the lungs begin to blacken and liquify, slowing down oxygen intake until suffocation slowly sinks in<br />**Oakadan:** Commander, I'm not sure I trust the motives of this man. He might well have been a military prisoner before being put in stasis<br />**Zox:** Very well. McAlister, secure the perimeter with me. <br />>Oakadan is able to access the facility logs from the console that Zox had unlocked previously. Many records are corrupted, but he begins to transfer them to his tricorder to analyze later<br />**Zox:** Kolea, take the time you need.<br />*Kolea arranges medical transport, uploads all scans and information to the ship's computers, and prepares for rousing the occupant if needed.*<br />**Lt. Cmdrs 11 and 10 (over comms):** Lister to Kolea, we are standing by for emergency transport as required<br />**Zox: [ CONTROL  (11) +  SECURITY  (4)][Focus: Espionage ][Successes: 2] [Complications: 0]Success with 1 momentum [2d20 = 24]**<br />**Kolea:** However, it is possible Oakadan the person here was the caretaker of the facility, and left here in case it reactivated at a future time. We know very little about this species.<br />>Zox is ready to spring like a cat on anything that tries to interrupt this delicate medical procedure<br />**Kolea:** Without proof one way or the other, we are stuck with a slew of possible options.<br />*Kolea injects the hypospray into the character according to the safest option available.*<br />**Kolea: [ CONTROL  (9) +  MEDICINE  (4)][Successes: 1] [Complications: 1]Success with 0 momentum [2d20 = 24]**<br />**Traveller:** The alien opens his eyes and looks around the room for a moment<br />*Traveller takes a deep gasping breath*<br />**Traveller:** HORROR... PAIN...Please! End.. this.. suffering!<br />**Kolea:** Hmm... that might not have gone well....<br />*Traveller collapses into Kolea's arms*<br />>♫♫♫Spoooooky Music Sting♫♫♫<br />>---------CUT TO COMMERCIAL-------<br />**Kolea:** Well, this is not the first time a man has screamed that and thrown himself into my arms, but I thought this was a PG show...<br />**Kolea:** Oh wait..<br />